feat: upgrade flipper to ink!4 (#284)
AstarNetwork/astar-docs: docs/build/wasm/from-zero-to-ink-hero/flipper-contract/flipper.md

```

This annotates a struct that represents the **contract's internal state.** ([details](https://use.ink/macros-attributes/storage)):

```rust
#[ink(storage)]
```

Storage types:

- Rust primitives types
  - `bool`
  - `u{8,16,32,64,128}`
  - `i{8,16,32,64,128}`
  - `String`
- Substrate specific types
  - `AccountId`
  - `Balance`
  - `Hash`
- ink! storage type
  - `Mapping`

> - Custom data Structure [details](https://use.ink/datastructures/custom-datastructure)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom data structure [details](https://use.ink/datastructures/custom-datastructure)
```

}
```

> The following will permit a function to be **publicly dispatchable**, meaning that it will be exposed in the contract interface to the outside world. [For more information](https://use.ink/macros-attributes/message)). Note that all public functions **must** use the `#[ink(message)]` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following will permit a function to be **publicly dispatchable**, meaning that  the function can be called through a message, which is a way for contracts and external accounts to interact with the contract. Find more information [here](https://use.ink/macros-attributes/message)). Note that all public functions **must** use the `#[ink(message)]` attribute.
```
